[VL-146] - Add section about testable use case tc-send-01-bis (#75)
pagopa/pn-local-emulator: README.md

      - `payment` referencing one file uploaded previously
   - the `documents` field providing one file uploaded previously

### TC-SEND-01bis
Create a `NotificationRequest` providing only the act to notify.

1. Request an upload slot

> 2. Consume the upload slot uploading the document to notify (use the information provided in the previous request).

Reviewer: _use the information provided in the previous request_: you mean "..in the previous response"?

3. Create a notification request providing the following information:
    - `physicalCommunicationType` filled with `REGISTERED_LETTER_890` value
    - the `recipients` field providing:
        - `taxId`
        - `digitalDomicile`
        - `physicalAddress`

>         - `payment` referencing one file uploaded previously

Reviewer: The payment field shouldn't be filled here; the use case is about sending a document without any payment, right?

    - the `documents` field providing the file uploaded previously

> __Note__: this use case differs from the previous one in that the `documents` field contains only one file
> (the act to notify) and doesn't contain the pagoPA payment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Note__: This use case is different from the previous one in that a pagoPA payment is not involved. For this reason this use case requests at least **one** document.
```
